How about Mr. Lin?
What are you going to do with my godfather?
Lin Junhai, how dare you touch my people?
Master
It was Zhao Tianlong who kidnapped my daughter's friend
I'm here to reason with him
Tianlong has his reasons for doing things
What is the theory?
Go away yourself
Otherwise, I will say a word
Let your neighbors die
Grandpa, you have to make the decision for me?
Good Shanshan
What happened again?
I had my eye on the neighbor's daughter.
Say no
You have to speak for me
Grandpa hahaha stop
Lin Junhan, listen up
My grandson has a crush on your daughter
Let your daughter marry my grandson
If there is anything on the road in the future, I will cover you.
Otherwise you will fall from heaven to hell
Master, this doesn't work.
I have agreed to marry the Sun family
bold
You dare to cover my old thing
I'm tired of covering you, so what?
Don't come to me
See if I slap you in the face, you bastard
How dare you speak to this old man in such a tone?
Godfather, he is a KTV waiter
And he hit me.
outrageous
A waiter talks to me like that
It seems that it can't be extinguished, and Jinhai Group can't bear it.
You wait.
I'll be right there.
Good godfather, I'll wait for you
Hahahaha
It's leaking to death
I see how you die